Premarket Notification 5 10(k) Submission:

MR31ZO5K

5

D

-

Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family
Attachment IS

510(k) Summary for the
Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family

(; eneral Information
Submitter:

Cutera Inc.
3240 Bayshore Boulevard

Brisbane, CA 94005
Contact Person:

Kathy Maynor

Summnary Preparation Date: December 29, 2004

II.

III.

IV.

Names
Device Names:

Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family

Primary Classification Name:

Laser Powered Surgical Instrument (and Accessories)

Predicate Devices
*

Starlux/Estelux pulsed light hand pieces manufactured by Palomar (K033549,

*
*

K04008 1, K02094 1)
Profile BBL manufactured by Sciton (K032460)
PRIMA Pulsed Light Therapy System manufactured by CoolTouch.

Product Description

The pulsed light delivery hand pieces are comprised of four main components:
an "umbilical" cable and connector, that is permanently attached to the hand
piece body and is semni-permanently attached to the console system
(detachable by positive action from the user) that houses:
>' electrical cables (to support the thermoelectric cooler associated with the
chilled hand piece tip, to provide power and a trigger source to the xenon flash
lamp, to provide detector signals and to connect a memory device that
identifies the hand piece);
>a supply and return water line (to remove the heat generated by the flash lamp
and thermoelectric cooler);
> the hand piece internals described above; and
> the hand piece housing the internals and connecting to the umbilical.
These hand pieces are accessonies to be used on previously cleared Cutera console
systems where the 510(k) permitted use of pulsed light (a.k.a. flash lamp) hand
pieces.

Attachment 15: 5 10(k) Summary

Page 1 of 3

o

Prernrket Notification510(k) Submission:

17

Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family

V.

Indications for Use

The Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family is indicated for use in the
surgical, aesthetic and cosmetic applications requiring selective photothermolysis
in the medical specialties of general and plastic surgery and dermatology.
The Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family is intended for the treatment
of:
*
*
*
*

*
*
*

VI.

Tattoos;
Benign pigmented lesions including dyschromia, hyperpigmentation,
melasma, ephelides (freckles);
Cutaneous lesions including warts, scars and striae;
Benign cutaneous vascular lesions, including port wine stains, hemangiomas,
facial, truncal and leg telangiectasias, roasacea, erythema of rosacea,
angiomas and spider angiomas, poikiloderma of Civatte, leg veins and venous
malformations;
Psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis (eczema), seborrheic dermatitis;
Removal of unwanted hair from all skin types, and to effect stable long-term,
or permanent, hair reduction; and
Mild to moderate inflammatory acne vulgaris.

Rationale for Substantial Equivalence
The Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family shares the same indications for use,
similar design features (including wavelength, light generation medium, power supply,
cooling and control system), functional features (including power output, spot size,
repetition rate, energy and fluence), and is therefore substantially equivalent to the above
legally marketed predicate devices.

VII.

Safety and Effectiveness Information
The new indications for use are based upon the indications for use for predicate pulsed
light device systems.
Technologically, the Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family is substantially
equivalent to the listed predicate devices. Therefore the risks and benefits for the Cutera
Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family are comparable to the predicate devices.
We therefore believe that there are no new questions of safety or effectiveness raised by
the introduction of this device.

Attachment 15: 5 10(k) Summary

Page 2 of 3

Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission:
Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family

VIII.

kosO O) 'Ak7

Conclusion
was found to be substantially
The Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family
Cutera Optional Pulsed Light
equivalent to the currently marketed predicate devices. The
design features, and similar
Hand Piece Family shares similar indications for use,
to, the currently marketed
functional features as, and thus is substantially equivalent
predicate devices.

Attachment 15: 5 10(k) Summary

Page 3 of 3

3

It4~

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES

MAR 3 1 Z005

Public Health Service
Food and Drug Administration
9200 Corporate Boulevard
Rockville MD 20850

Ms. Kathy Maynor
Vice President of Regulatory/Quality
Cutera, Inc.
3240 Bayshore Boulevard
Brisbane, California 94005
Re: K050047
Trade/Device Name: Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 878.4810
Regulation Name: Laser surgical instrument for use in general and
plastic surgery and in dermatology
Regulatory Class: LI
Product Code: GEX
Dated: December 31, 2004
Received: January 10, 2005
Dear Ms. Maynor:
the device
We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market
indications
the
(for
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent
in interstate
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed
Amendments. or to
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device
Federal Food. Drug.
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the
application (PM/A).
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval
of the Act. I he
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions
listing of
general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
and
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding
adulteration.
or class II (PNMA), it
If your device is classified (see above) into either class 11 (Special Controls)
your device can
may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting
addition. Fl)A may
be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.
does not mUCia
Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination
oi the Act
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requircmcnts
You must
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies.
and listing (2!1
comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration
as set
CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements
the electronic
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable,
1000-1050.
product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR

Page 2 - Ms. Kathy Maynor
510(k)
This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section
premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally
your device
marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits
to proceed to the market.
please
If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801),
entitled.
contact the Office of Compliance at (240) 276-0115. Also, please note the regulation
obtain
may
"Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You
Small
other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of
638-2041 or
Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800)
(301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address http ://www.fdat.ov/cdrh/industr/support/indexC.html.
Sincerely yours,

Miriam C.Provost, Ph.D.
Acting fDirector
Division of General, Restorative
and Neurological Dcvices
Office of Device Evaluation
Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

Premarket Notification 5 10(k) Submission:
Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Famnily

Attachment 2
Indications For Use Statement as Requested by FDA
510(k) Number (if Known):
Device Name:

/

&5 LQ'/-7

Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family

Indications For Use:
The Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family is indicated for use in the surgical,
aesthetic and cosmetic applications requiring selective photothermolysis in the medical
specialties of general and plastic surgery and dermatology.
The Cutera Optional Pulsed Light Hand Piece Family is intended for the treatment of:
*
*
*
*

*
*
*

Tattoos;
Benign pigmented lesions including dyschromia, hyperpigmentation, melasma,
ephelides (freckles);
Cutaneous lesions including warts, scars and striae;
Benign cutaneous vascular lesions, including port wine stains, hemangiomas, facial,
truncal and leg telangiectasias, roasacea, erythema of rosacea, angiomas and spider
angiomas, poikiloderma of Civatte, leg veins and venous malformations;
Psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis (eczema), seborrheic dermatitis;
Removal of unwanted hair from all skin types, and to effect stable long-term, or
permanent, hair reduction; and
Mild to moderate inflammatory acne vulgaris.

Prescription Use

4

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use

(Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(Per 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE
IF NEEDED)
Concurrence of CDRH, Office of D vice Evaluation (ODE)

(Diviso Sg Of
Division of General, Restorative,
and Neurological Devices

510lrt NLn~nber__(~O) {Qo' 4~
Attachment 2: Indications for Use Statement

Page I of I

