CCANDELA
510(k) Summary
This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of the Safe Medical Devices Act (SMDA) of 1990. The contents of the 510(k)
summary have been provided in conformance with 21 CFR §807.92.
Submitter Information
Company Name:
Company Address:
Company Phone:
Company Facsimile:
Contact Person:
Date summary Prepared:

Candela Corporation
530 Boston Post Road
Wayland, MA 01778
508-358-7400
508-358-5602
Mr. Jeffrey Roberts
Manager, Regulatory Affairs
12/14/06

Device Identification
Device Trade/Proprietary Name: Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System
Common Name:
Fluorescent Pulsed Light System
Classification Name:
Laser Surgical Instrument, for use in General and Plastic
Surgery and Dermatology
Classification Regulation:
21 CFR § 878.4810
Device Classification:
H
Identification of Predicate Device
Predicate Device(s):
Luxsano AB OmniLight Fluorescent Pulsed Light System, K032191
Palomar Medical Technologies, Inc. StarLux Pulsed Light System, K041086
Device Description
The Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System is designed for selective photothermolysis in
aesthetic treatments. The technology is based on a unique combination of patented fluorescent
filter technology, selected spectrums of light source emission; pulse forming and sapphire based
skin cooling system. It operates through creation of a directed incoherent light beam of spectrally
balanced light. The light is spectrally filtered to remove the shorter wavelength portions (UV)
most likely to cause harm to the skin. A sapphire crystal light guide is used to transport the
resultant longer wavelength light to a laser-dye impregnated polymer filter sheet, which absorbs
the part of the lamp light spectrum below it's emission and emits the selected wavelength band
(417- 1200 nm) to 615 - 1200 run, and non fluorescent 650 nm- 1200 nm and 850 - 1200 run..

A liquid-to-air cooling system, including a fluid pump, fluid reservoir, deionization filter,
interlocks and forced convection liquid-to-air heat exchanger and a water to water
ThermoElectrical cooler is used to maintain the hand piece components at the proper
temperature. The electronic components of the system include multiple safety features to protect
both the user and patient, and the pulsed-light system itself.
A microprocessor based system controller is used to monitor and direct all system functions.
Users of the Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System select parameters such as desired energy
density (fluence) level and filter wavelength and monitor operation via electronic controls and a
display panel. The control panel is also used to enable or disable the triggering of the Candela
Fluorescent Pulsed Light System, and to obtain feedback from the system, such as the number of
pulses delivered or spot size selected. The Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System supports
40mm x 20min. 20mm x 20mm, 10mm x 20mm, 7mm x 15mm, 7mm x 7mam.
Description of Intended Use
The Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System is indicated for treatment in the following uses:
Hair removal in all skin types according to the Fitzpatrick scale. Permanent Hair Reduction
Treatment of Vascular Lesions
Treatment of Inflammatory Acne (acne vulgaris)
Treatment of Benign Pigmented Epidermal and Cutaneous Lesions including warts, scars and
striae.
Rationale for Substantial Equivalence
The Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System, has the same intended use and utilizes similar
functioflal features (including power output, spot size, repetition rate, energy, and fluence) and
matches key design aspects (including wavelength, light generation medium, power supply,
cooling and controls system) as the currently legally marketed predicate devices.
The Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System shares similar methods of operation, and intended
uses, and therefore is substantially equivalent to the currently legally marketed OmniLight
Fluorescent Pulsed Light System K032191 held by Luxsano AB and the StarLux Pulsed Light
System K041086 held by Palomar Medical Technologies predicate devices.
Safety and Effectiveness Information
The Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System is substantial equivalent to the currently legally
marketed Luxsano AB OmniLight Fluorescent Pulsed Light System, K032191 and the Palomar
Medical Technologies, Inc. StarLux Pulsed Light System, K041086 predicate devices in
intended use and technological features and therefore the risks and benefits are comparable
to the predicate devices.
We therefore believe that there are no new questions of safety or effectiveness raised by the
introduction of the Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System.
Conclusion
Base on the similarities in indications for use, design features, and functional features the
Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System has been shown to be substantially equivalent to the
current legally marketed predicate devices.

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES

Public Health Service
Food and Drug Administration
9200 Corporate Boulevard
Rockville MD 20850

Candela Corporation
% Mr. Jeffrey Roberts
Manager, Regulatory Affairs
530 Boston Post Road
Wayland, Massachusetts 01778

FEB

5 2007

Re: K063800
Trade/Device Name: Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 878.4810
Regulation Name: Laser surgical instrument for use in general and plastic surgery and in
dermatology
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: GEX
Dated: December 21, 2006
Received: December 22, 2006
Dear Mr. Roberts:
We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration.
If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it
may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can
be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.
Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must
comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21
CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic
product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 - Mr. Jeffrey Roberts
This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k)
premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally
marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device
to proceed to the market.
If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Office of Compliance at (240) 276-0115. Also, please note the regulation entitled,
"Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain
other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small
Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or
(240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industrv/support/index.html.
Sincerely your

N keron
Director
Division of General, Restorative
and Neurological Devices
Office of Device Evaluation
Center for Devices and
Radiological Health
Enclosure

CANDELA PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL

Indications for Use
510(k) Number (if'known): t,63-7?
6

K ~3

Device Name: Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System
Indications for Use:
The Candela Fluorescent Pulsed Light System is indicated for the following uses:

Hair removal in all skin types to the Fitzpatrick scale. Permanent Hair Reduction.
Treatment of Vascular Lesions
Treatment of Inflammatory Acne (acne vulgaris)
Treatment of Benign Pigmented Epidermal and Cutaneous Lesions including warts, scars
and striae.

Prescription Use

X

(Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use

AND/OR

(21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE

OF 7DED)

Concurrence of CDRH OfcD0

-

Diviqian of General, Restorative,
and Neurological Devices Pa

510(k) Numberlbk-

of 1

