510(K) Summary

JUL 2 2 2014

Submitter:

Shaser, Inc.
10 Magu ire Road
Lexington, MA 02421

Contact:

Anthony Burns
Senior Director of Regulatory Affairs

Date Summary Prepared:

June 12, 2014

Device Trade Name:

Shaser Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family

Common Name:

Light Based Hair Removal Device

Classification Name:

Powered Light Based Non-Laser Surgical Instrument with Thermal
Effect
79-ONE, 21 CER 878.48 10

Equivalent Devices:

Shaser V-MINI 2 (K(133201)
Shaser Lumena FR (K 14063 1)

Device Description:

Shaser Hair Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family devices
are Over-The-Counter, Light-Based Hair Removal Systems. The
family includes an AC mains powered and battery powered version of
the same device.
The Principle of Operation is selective phototherniolysis and the
Mechanism of Operation is to disable hair growth using light to
preferentially heat the hair bulb.
Emission activation is by finger switch. Device includes a limited life
treatment head. Electrical requirement is 115 VAC, I5A, 50-60 Hz,
single phase.

Intended Use:

Removal of unwanted hair.

Indications For Use:

The Shaser Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family is an overthe-counter device intended to provide phototherapeutic light to the
body. It is also intended for removal of unwanted hair by using a
selective photothermal treatment. It is also indicated for the removal of
unwanted body and/or facial hair in adults with Fitzpatrick skin types I
- IV. The Shaser Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family is
also intended for permanent reduction in unwanted hair. Permanent
hair reduction is defined as the long-term stable reduction in the
number of hairs regrowing when measured at 6, 9, and 12 months after
the completion of a treatment regimen.

Comparison:

The Shaser Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family devices
(the Shaser V-M[NI 2 and the Shaser Lumena FH) have identical
Indications for Use, identical Fundamental Science and identical
Exhibit E (I of 2)

materials. Fundamental Science and identical materials. The
performance specifications of the two devices are identical and the two
devices are manufactured by the same manufacturer. The two devices
have the same basic design and performance characteristics related to
device safety and effectiveness, identical intended use and function,
and the same device classification and product code. The Shaser Skin
Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family has the same principle of
operation, the same pulse energy range, and same wavelength range.
Nonclinical Performance Data:

Bench testing for performance verification and electrical safety testing.

Clinical Performance Data:

Label comprehension and usability test of consumers' ability to
understand the instructions for use and to evaluate their ability to use
the device safely in a simulated OTC home-use environment.
*150 study subjects were tested for label comprehension and 123
study subjects tested for usability. Both test populations included
low literacy subjects.
The results of the two tests confirm sufficient label comprehension and
safe and appropriate use of the device.

Conclusion:

The results of the nonclinical and clinical performance data
conclusively demonstrates that the proposed device is at least as safe
and effective as the V-MINI 2 and the Lumena FH and is a safe and
effective device for the intended uses.

Additional Information:

None

Exhibit E (2 of 2)

*

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES

zC

~10903

Public Health Service
Food and Drug Administration
New 1Hanipshhre Avenue
Docuirent Control Center - W066-0609
Silver Spring. MD 20993-0002

July 22, 2014

Shaser Incorporated
Mr. Anthony Bums
Senior Director of Regulatory Affairs
Suite 120, Building I
10 Maguire Road
Lexington, MA 02421
Re: K141583
Trade/Device Name: Shaser Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 878.48 10
Regulation Name: Laser surgical instrument for use in general
and plastic surgery and in dermatology
Regulatory Class: Class 11
Product Code: ONF, GEX
Dated: June 26, 2014
Received: June 27, 2014
Dear Mr. Bums:
We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRI- does not evaluate information related to contract liability
warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.
If your device is classified (see above) into either class 11 (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it
may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be
found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.
Please be advised that FDA's issuance of asubstantial equivalence determination does not mean
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must
comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

Page 2 - Mr. Anthony Bums
CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Pant 80 1); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Pant 820); and if applicable, the electronic
product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.
If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 80 1), please
contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041
or (301) 796-7 100 or at its Internet address
htt://www.fda.2ov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustr/default.htm. Also, please note
the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (2ICFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21
CER Part 803), please go to
http://ww-w.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safctv/ReoortaProblem/default.htm for the CDRI-'s Office
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postrnarket Surveillance.
You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (30 1)
796-7 100 or at its Internet address
hutp://ww-w.fda.gov/Medica[Devices/ResourcesforYou/industry/default.htm.
Sincerely yours,

David Krause -S
for

Enclosure

Binita S.Ashar, M.D., M.B.A., F.A.C.S.
Director
Division of Surgical Devices
Office of Device Evaluation
Center for Devices and
Radiological Health

510(k) Number (ifknown)
K141583
Device Name
Shaser Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family

Indications for Use (Describe)
The Shaser Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family is an over-the-counter device intended to provide
phototherapeutic light to the body. It is also intended for removal of unwanted hair by using a selective photothermal
treatment. It is also indicated for the removal of unwanted body and/or facial hair in adults with Fitzpatrick skin types I IV. The Shaser Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family is also intended for permanent reduction in unwanted
hair. Permanent hair reduction is defined as the long-term stable reduction in the number of hairs regrowing when
measured at 6, 9, and 12 months after the completion of a treatment regimen.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

El Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

0Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
FOR FDA USE ONLY
(CDRH) (Signature)
Health
Radiological
Devices
and
Concurrence of Center for

Neil R Ogden -S
2014.07.21 15:27:47 -04'00'
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*D0 NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff~fda.hhs.gov
"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number'
FORM FDA 3881 (1/14)

Page 1of 1IP4b

