DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES

Public Health Service

Food and Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue
Document Control Center – WO66-G609
Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

February 13, 2015
Shaser Incorporated
Mr. Anthony Burns
Senior Director of Regulatory Affairs
10 Maguire Road
Lexington, Massachusetts 02421
Re: K142924
Trade/Device Name: Shaser Skin Beauty SkinREJUV Intense Pulsed Light System Family
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 878.4810
Regulation Name: Laser surgical instrument for use in general and
plastic surgery and in dermatology
Regulatory Class: Class II
Product Code: GEX
Dated: December 4, 2014
Received: December 5, 2014
Dear Mr. Burns:
We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability
warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.
If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA),
it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be
found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.
Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must
comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21
CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical

Page 2 – Mr. Anthony Burns
device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic
product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.
If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041
or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note
the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21
CFR Part 803), please go to
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.
You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301)
796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.
Sincerely yours,

Jennifer R. Stevenson S
For Binita S. Ashar, M.D., M.B.A., F.A.C.S.
Director
Division of Surgical Devices
Office of Device Evaluation
Center for Devices and
Radiological Health
Enclosure

510(K) Summary
K142924
Submitter:

Shaser, Inc.
10 Maguire Road
Lexington, MA 02421

Contact:

Anthony Burns
Senior Director of Regulatory Affairs

Date Summary Prepared:

October 6, 2014

Device Trade Name:

Shaser Skin Beauty SkinREJUVTM Intense Pulsed Light System Family

Common Name:

Intense Pulsed Light Therapy System

Classification Name:

Powered Light Based Non-Laser Surgical Instrument with Thermal
Effect
79-ONF, 21 CFR 878.4810

Equivalent Devices:

Sciton Profile Multi-Platform System (K070833)
Shaser Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family (K141583)

Device Description:

Shaser Skin Beauty SkinREJUVTM Intense Pulsed Light System Family
devices are prescription home use, light-based skin care systems. The
family includes an AC mains powered and battery powered version of
the same device.
The Principle of Operation is selective photothermolysis and the
Mechanism of Action is to lighten or resolve lesions using light for
preferentially heating.
Emission activation is by finger switch. Device includes a limited life
treatment head. Electrical requirement is 115 VAC, 15A, 50-60 Hz,
single phase.

Intended Use:

Treatment of benign pigmented lesions and benign cutaneous vascular
lesions.

Indications For Use:

The Shaser Skin Beauty SkinREJUVTM Intense Pulsed Light System
Family is a prescription home use device intended to provide
phototherapeutic light to the body. It is specifically intended for:
The treatment of benign pigmented lesions including dyschromia,
hyperpigmentation, melisma, ephelides (freckles);
The treatment of benign cutaneous vascular lesions, including port
wine stains, hemangiomas, facial, truncal and leg telangiectasias,
rosacea, erythema of rosacea, angiomas and spider angiomas,
poikiloderma of Civatte, leg veins and venous malformations.

Comparison:

The Shaser Skin Beauty SkinREJUVTM Intense Pulsed Light System
Family has the identical ‘Indications For Use’, the identical
‘Fundamental Science’, and the same performance specifications as the
(IPL platform of the) Sciton Profile Multi-Platform System.
Exhibit E (1 of 2)
The Shaser Skin Beauty SkinREJUVTM Intense Pulsed Light System

Family has the identical ‘Fundamental Science’, identical performance
specifications, the same design, materials, and funtions as the Shaser
Skin Beauty Intense Pulsed Light System Family.
Nonclinical Performance Data:

Bench testing for performance verification and electrical safety testing.

Clinical Performance Data:

Label comprehension and usability test of consumers’ ability to
understand the instructions for use and to evaluate their ability to use
the device safely in a simulated home-use environment.


150 study subjects were tested for label comprehension and 123
study subjects tested for usability. Both test populations included
low literacy subjects.

The results of the two tests confirm sufficient label comprehension and
safe and appropriate use of the device.
Conclusion:

The results of the nonclinical and clinical performance data
conclusively demonstrates that the proposed device is at least as safe
and effective as the Sciton Profile Multi-Platform System and is a safe
and effective device for the intended uses.

Additional Information:

None

Exhibit E (2 of 2)

