February 18, 2023
Shanghai Omni Laser Skinology Co., Ltd.
℅ Helen Nan
General Manager
New Risen Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd.
Room 302, Building 3, Hangqian Mansion, Hangqian Street,
Lucheng District
Wenzhou, Zhejiang 325000
China
Re: K220214
Trade/Device Name: IPL System - KDT750
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 878.4810
Regulation Name: Laser Surgical Instrument For Use In General And Plastic Surgery And In
Dermatology
Regulatory Class: Class II
Product Code: ONF
Dated: January 19, 2023
Received: January 19, 2023
Dear Helen Nan:
We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.
If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

Doc ID# 04017.05.02

2K220214 - Helen Nan

Page

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.
Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.
For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).
Sincerely,

Jianting Wang -S
Jianting Wang
Acting Assistant Director
DHT4A: Division of General Surgery Devices
OHT4: Office of Surgical
and Infection Control Devices
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
Food and Drug Administration

Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Expiration Date: 06/30/2023

Indications for Use

See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

K220214

Device Name

IPL System - KDT750

Indications for Use (Describe)

The IPL System - KDT750 is intended for use in aesthetic applications requiring selective photothermolysis
(photocoagulation or coagulation) of soft tissue in the medical specialties of general and plastic surgery, and dermatology.
Indications for use for IPL System with 515-980nm IPL Handpiece (SR Handpiece).
• Benign pigmented epidermal and cutaneous lesions including warts, melasma, epithelides (freckles) and lentigines.
• Benign cutaneous vascular lesions, including port wine stains, facial and truncal telangiectasias, rosacea, erythema of
rosacea and poikiloderma of Civatte.
• For use on skin types(I-V)
Indications for use for IPL System with 640-950nm IPL Handpiece (HR Handpiece).
• The removal of unwanted hair to effect stable long-term or permanent hair reduction.
• For use on Fitzpatrick skin types (I-V)
* Permanent hair reduction is defined as the long-term, stable reduction in the number of hairs regrowing when measured
at 6, 9, and 12 months after the completion of a treatment regime.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)

Page 1 of 1

PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740

EF

Shanghai Omni Laser Skinology Co., Ltd.

K220214_510(k) Summary
(As required by 21 CFR 807.92)

1.0 Submitter Information
Company:
Shanghai Omni Laser Skinology Co., Ltd.
Address
Floor 3, Building 3, NO. 227, Mingqiang Road,
Songjiang District, Shanghai, 201612, CHINA
Phone:
+86-021-54847192
E-mail:
avril@omni-laser.com
Contact
Avril Ouyang
Title:
General Manager
· Date of Preparation: Feb. 17, 2023
2.0 Device Information
Trade/Device Name:
Model:
Regulation Description:
Device:
Review Panel:
Product Code:
Submission Type:
Regulation Number:
Device Class:

IPL System
KDT750
Laser surgical instrument for use in general and plastic
surgery and in dermatology.
Powered Light Based Non-Laser Surgical Instrument
With Thermal Effect
General & Plastic Surgery
ONF
Traditional 510(k)
CFR 878.4810
Class II

3.0 Predicate Device Information
Trade/Device Name:
Alma Harmony XL Multi-Application Platform
510k Number:
K072564
Submitter:
Alma Lasers, Ltd.
4.0 Device Description
The IPL System - KDT750 is a multi-wavelength non-invasive system for IPL skin
treatments, treatment of vascular and pigmented lesions, and hair removal using two
wavelength ranges: 530-950nm and 640-950nm. The IPL System consists of a system
console, electronics and software, cooling system, and two hand pieces with different
wavelength.
5.0 Indications for Use
The IPL System - KDT750 is intended for use in aesthetic applications requiring
selective photothermolysis (photocoagulation or coagulation) of soft tissue in the
medical specialties of general and plastic surgery, and dermatology.
Indication for use for the 530-950nm wavelength handpiece (SR Handpiece)
• Benign pigmented epidermal and cutaneous lesions including warts, melasma,
epithelides (freckles) and lentigines.

Page 1 of 7

Shanghai Omni Laser Skinology Co., Ltd.
• Benign cutaneous vascular lesions, including port wine stains, facial and truncal
telangiectasias, rosacea, erythema of rosacea and poikiloderma of Civatte.
• For use on skin types(I-V).
Indication for use for the 640-950nm wavelength handpiece (HR Handpiece)
• The removal of unwanted hair to effect stable long-term or permanent hair
reduction.
• For use on Fitzpatrick skin types (I-V).
* Permanent hair reduction is defined as the long-term, stable reduction in the number
of hairs regrowing when measured at 6, 9, and 12 months after the completion of a
treatment regime.

Page 2 of 7

Shanghai Omni Laser Skinology Co., Ltd.
6.0 Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
Table 1 - Comparison table of the Subject device (SR Handpiece) and Predicate device (SSR Module AFT Handpiece)
Device Feature
Wavelength

Indications for use

IPL SystemSR Handpiece
530-950 nm

HarmonyXL-SSR Module AFT
Handpieces
540-950 nm
Intended for use in aesthetic and cosmetic
applications
requiring
selective
photothermolysis (photocoagulation or
coagulation) and hemostasis of soft tissue
in the medical specialties of general and
plastic surgery, and dermatology

The IPL System - KDT750 is intended
for use in aesthetic applications
requiring selective photothermolysis
(photocoagulation or coagulation) of
soft tissue in the medical specialties of
general and plastic surgery, and
dermatology.
• The
treatment
of
moderate
inflammatory acne vulgaris.
• Benign pigmented epidermal and • The treatment of benign pigmented
cutaneous lesions including warts,
epidermal
lesions
including
melasma, epithelides (freckles) and
dyschromia,
hyperpigmentation,
lentigines.
melasma and ephelides (freckles),
• Benign cutaneous vascular lesions,
lentigines, nevi, melasma, and caféincluding port wine stains, facial and
au-lait macules.
truncal telangiectasias, rosacea, • The treatment of benign cutaneous
erythema
of
rosacea
and
vascular lesions including port wine
poikiloderma of Civatte.
stains, hemangiomas, facial, truncal
• For use on skin types (I-V).
and leg telangiectasias, rosacea,
erythema of rosacea, angiomas and
spider angiomas, poikiloderma of
Civatte, leg veins and venous
malformations.
• Use on all skin types (Fitzpatrick IVI).

Page 3 of 7

Comparison
Note 1

Note 2

Shanghai Omni Laser Skinology Co., Ltd.
Light Source
Timers
Energy Density (Fluence)
Spot Size
Pulse Repetition Rate

Pulsed light with AFT and EDF
1, 3, 12 seconds
1-12 J/cm2
8*40 mm (3.2 cm2)
2 Hz

Pulsed light with AFT and EDF
1, 3, 30 seconds
1-15 J/cm2
3 cm2
2 Hz

Same
Note 3
Same
Same
Same

Table 2 - Comparison table of the Subject device (HR Handpiece) and Predicate device (HR Module AFT Handpiece, SHR Module
Handpieces)

Device Feature
Wavelength

Indication for use

IPL SystemHR Handpiece
640-950 nm

HarmonyXL-HR Module AFT
Handpiece
650-950 nm
Intended for use in aesthetic and
cosmetic applications requiring
selective
photothermolysis
(photocoagulation
or
coagulation) of soft tissue in the
medical specialties of general
and plastic surgery, and
dermatology

HarmonyXL-SHR Module
Handpieces
780-950 nm
Intended for use in aesthetic and
cosmetic applications requiring
selective
photothermolysis
(photocoagulation
or
coagulation) and hemostasis of
soft tissue in the medical
specialties of general and plastic
surgery, and dermatology

The IPL System - KDT750 is
intended for use in aesthetic
applications
requiring
selective
photothermolysis
(photocoagulation
or
coagulation) of soft tissue in
the medical specialties of
general and plastic surgery,
and dermatology.
• The treatment of moderate • The treatment of moderate
• The removal of unwanted
inflammatory acnevulgaris.
inflammatory
acne
hair to effect stable long- • The treatment of benign
vulgaris.
term or permanent hair
pigmented
epidermal • The treatment of benign
reduction.
lesions,
including
pigmented
epidermal
• For use on Fitzpatrick skin
dyschromia,
lesions
including
types (I-V).
hyperpigmentation,
dyschromia,
melasma
and
hyperpigmentation,
* Permanent hair reduction is
ephelides(freckles).
melasma, and ephelides
defined as the long-term, stable
(freckles).
•
The
treatment
of
face
and
reduction in the number of hairs
body
vascular
and • The treatment of cutaneous
regrowing when measured at 6,

Page 4 of 7

Comparison
Note 1

Note 2

Shanghai Omni Laser Skinology Co., Ltd.
9, and 12 months after the
pigmentedlesions.
lesions including warts,
completion of a treatment • The treatment of cutaneous
scars and striae.
regime.
lesions, including scars and • The treatment of benign

Light Source
Timers/Pulse width
Energy Density
(Fluence)
Spot Size
Pulse Repetition
Rate

Pulsed light with AFT and EDF
1,3 and 30 seconds

striae.
cutaneous vascular lesions
• The treatment of benign
including port wine stains,
cutaneous vascular lesions,
hemangiomas,
facial,
including port wine stains,
truncal
and
leg
hemangiomas,
facial,
telangiectasias,
rosacea,
truncal
and
leg
erythema.
of
rosacea,
telangiectasias,rosacea,
angiomas
and
spider
melasma, angiomas and
angiomas, poikilodermna
spider
angiomas,
of Civatte, leg veins and
poikiloderma of Civatte,
venous malformnations.
leg veins and venous • The
treatment
of
malformations.
pseudofolliculitis barbae
(PFB).
• The removal of unwanted
hair to effect stable long- • The removal of unwanted
term or permanent hair
hair and to effect stable
reduction.
long-term or permnanent
• Use on all skin types
hair reduction.
(Fitzpatrick I-VI)
• Use on all skin types
(Fitzpatrick
I-VI),
including tanned skin.
Pulsed light with AFT and EDF
30, 40, 50 msec

Near Infrared pulsed light
1, 3 and 30 seconds

Same
Same

1-7 J/cm2

5-25 J/cm2

1 – 7 J/cm2

Note 4

15*50 mm (7.5 cm2)

6.4 cm2

3 cm2

Note 5

3 Hz

2/3 Hz

3 Hz

Same

Page 5 of 7

Shanghai Omni Laser Skinology Co., Ltd.
Difference Analysis:
Note 1 Wavelength
The wavelength range of proposed devices is very closed to predicate devices. The slight difference is considered to have no
negative effect on effectiveness and safety, and the bench tests conducted on the proposed device support substantial equivalence to
the predicate device.
Note 1 Indications for Use
Though the HarmonyXL’s handpieces has more indications than the KDT750’s, the intended use of subject device is covered by the
predicate device, which forms the foundation of their comparison, which will not result in negative safety and effectiveness, this
forms the foundation of Substantial Equivalence.
Note 3: Timers
The proposed device (K220214, SR Handpiece) has a similar timer range as the predicate device (K072564, SSR Handpiece). The
slight difference in settings do not result in negative safety and effectiveness. The bench tests conducted on the proposed device
support substantial equivalence to the predicate device
Note 4: Energy Density (Fluence)
The proposed device has an energy density that is similar to the predicate device, and the differences do not result in negative safety
and efficacy effects. The bench tests conducted on the proposed device support substantial equivalence to the predicate device.
Note 5: Spot Size
The proposed device has a larger spot size with the predicate device. However the differences in spot sizes are not considered to
produce a negative effect on safety and safety. The bench tests conducted on the proposed device support substantial equivalence to
the predicate device.
The differences noted between IPL System - KDT750 and the predicate device, Alma HarmonyXL Multi-Application Platform
(K072564), do not present any new or different questions related to safety and effectiveness.

Page 6 of 7

7.0 Discussion of Tests Performed

Shanghai Omni Laser Skinology Co., Ltd.

7.1 Clinical Tests
Clinical testing was not performed for the subject device as part of the submission.
7.2 Non-Clinical Tests
The following performance data are provided in support of the substantial
equivalence determination:


Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
IEC60601-1:2005+CORR.1:2006+CORR.2:2007+A1:2012
Test for Medical Electrical equipment was performed for General
Requirements for basic safety and essential performance;
IEC 60601-1-2:2014 Test for Medical Equipment for General Requirements
for basic safety and essential performance: electromagnetic compatibility
IEC 60825-1:2007, Safety of laser products - Part 1: Equipment classification
and requirements.
IEC 60601-2-57:2011, Medical electrical equipment Part 2: Particular
requirements for the basic safety and essential performance of non-laser light
source equipment intended for therapeutic, diagnostic, monitoring and
cosmetic/aesthetic use

Biocompatibility
ISO 10993-5:2009 Biological Evaluation Of Medical Devices -- Part 5: Tests
For In Vitro Cytotoxicity.
ISO 10993-10:2010 Biological Evaluation Of Medical Devices - Part 10:
Tests For Irritation And Skin Sensitization.
The conclusion from the testing is the device is safe and effective for its intended use,
and performs as well or better than the predicate devices.


8.0 Software
Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was
provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff,
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
Medical Devices”.
9.0 Conclusion
The IPL System-KDT750 is as safe and effective as its predicate devices.
The IPL System-KDT750 has the same intended use and same technological
characteristics and specifications as its predicate devices. Thus, the IPL System is
substantially equivalent to its predicate devices.

Page 7 of 7

