December 1, 2023
Hebei Zhemai Technology Co.,Ltd
Ray Wang
Official Correspondent
1st FL, N of No.1 Warehouse, W of Shuichang Rd,
N of Beiyi Rd, Yanjiao Development Zone, Sanhe
Langfang, Hebei 065201
China
Re: K232708
Trade/Device Name: Intense pulsed light therapy device
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 878.4810
Regulation Name: Laser Surgical Instrument For Use In General And Plastic Surgery And In
Dermatology
Regulatory Class: Class II
Product Code: ONF
Dated: September 4, 2023
Received: September 5, 2023
Dear Ray Wang:
We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.
If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.
U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

Doc ID# 04017.06.05

K232708 - Ray Wang

Page

2

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).
Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).
Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.
Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.
For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn).

K232708 - Ray Wang

Page

Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question
about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for
more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-7967100).
Sincerely,
Tanisha L. Hithe -

Tanisha L. S
Hithe -S 2023.12.01
15:06:55 -05'00'

Tanisha Hithe
Assistant Director
DHT4A: Division of General Surgery Devices
OHT4: Office of Surgical
and Infection Control Devices
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

3

Tab#15 User Manual

Intense pulsed light therapy device
Model: FI-L06

User Manual
Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Hebei Zhemai Technology Co.,Ltd
1

Catalogue
Foreword ............................................................................................................................................. 3
Special Note ........................................................................................................................................ 4
Chapter 1 Symbol Description ........................................................................................................... 5
Chapter 2 Clinical Application ........................................................................................................... 7
Chapter 3 Technical Parameters ....................................................................................................... 10
Chapter 4 Working Principle ............................................................................................................ 12
Chapter 5 Installation and Commissioning ...................................................................................... 14
Chapter 6 Instructions for Use ..........................................................................................................18
Chapter 7 Maintenance ..................................................................................................................... 22
Chapter 8 Contact Us ........................................................................................................................32

2

Foreword
You are welcome to use the Intense pulsed light therapy device. The Intense pulsed light therapy
device produced by our company is a high-tech product independently developed by our company
and has independent intellectual property rights.
This manual is applicable to the Intense pulsed light therapy device,the model is FI-L06.
After receiving the device, first check the accessories according to the packaging label. If the
accessories delivered with the device are incomplete, please contact us according to the contact
information in Chapter 8.

User Notice
If you are using the Intense pulsed light therapy device for the first time, be sure to read this
manual carefully before powering up.
It is recommended not to use this device in the presence of electromagnetic interference, vibration
and other disturbing environmental conditions. During use, this device will not interfere with other
instruments/device.
Avoid using this Intense pulsed light device in the presence of flammable anesthetics or oxidizing
gases such as nitrous oxide and oxygen. When there is enough oxygen in the air, some materials,
such as cotton and wool, are easily ignited by the high temperatures generated by the normal
operation of an Intense pulsed light device. Solvents and flammable solutions used for cleaning or
sterilization should evaporate before using the laser device.
The discarded parts produced by scrapping or replacing the Intense pulsed light therapy device
should be sent to the designated institution or manufacturer for professional treatment to avoid
polluting the environment.
The power supply device should be grounded reliably.
All contents of this document are protected by copyright laws. Without the express written
permission of the company, any organization or individual may not copy or store this manual in a
database or retrieval system.

3

Special Note

Warning
Intense pulsed light therapy device can emit high-intensity infrared laser beams, and in order to
protect the eyes, users and patients are required to wear appropriate safety goggles in accordance
with (NOHD) standards.
Please note the following:
Do not point the laser directly at the eyes and skin.
When the device is working, do not cut off the power.
Be sure to familiarize yourself with the structure and specifications of the device before use.

4

Chapter 1 Symbol Description

Number

Symbol

Interpretation

1

Manufacturer

2

Manufacturing Date

3

Serial Number

4

General warning signs

5

Do not throw away electrical and electronic products at will,
and dispose of them separately in the designated garbage area

6

Type BF applied part
The applied components meet the requirements of the
standard IEC 60601-1 to provide protection against electric
shock, especially regarding the leakage current not greater
than the value of human injury

7

Laser Output Warning Label

8

No Pushing

5

9

Laser radiation label

10

Follow the user manual

11

Key switch

12

Emergency stop switch

13

Medical Device Labels for Restricted Sale

14

Foot pedal

15

Emergency Stop Switch Label

16

Up label

17

Fragile label

18

Keep dry

19

Don't scroll

6

Chapter 2 Clinical Application
2.1 Indication For Use
The Intense pulsed light therapy device is indicated for use in surgical and aesthetic
applications in permanent hair removal.
Permanent hair reduction is defined as the long-term, stable reduction in the number of hairs
regrowing when measured at 6, 9, and 12 months after the completion of a treatment regimen.

2.2 Clinical features
This product has novel design, stable operation, short irradiation time, lasting effect,
convenient operation, good clinical effect and high safety factor.
Convenience: Human-machine interface - touch screen, intuitive and easy to use, so its
operation is simple and convenient.
Permanent Hair Removal: It is suitable for hair of all skin tones and has a good hair removal
effect.
Safety: stable performance, long service life, and real-time control by intelligent
microprocessor.

2.3 Potential risks
The most common complications of Intense pulsed light therapy device are postoperative
local erythema and follicular edema, most of which resolve spontaneously within a few hours.
Rare

complications

are

localized

crusting,

purpura,

blisters,

hyperpigmentation

or

hypopigmentation, and increased sebum production. Adverse reactions after hair removal are
mainly related to energy density and epidermal melanin content, and are also significantly related
to seasonal changes, treatment sites, and solar radiation. Adhering to preoperative and
postoperative guidance and correct operation can reduce adverse reactions.

2.4 Processing method
(The following processing steps and methods are for reference only, the actual parameters
and operating procedures are subject to clinical use)

2.4.1 Preoperative preparation
1) For patients with dark skin, sun radiation should be avoided as much as possible before
surgery. It is best to use sunscreen for 4 to 6 weeks. For those with a tendency to
pigmentation, hydroquinone can be added to prevent it.
2) The treated area must be skin-prepared prior to treatment, so hair, oil and dirt should be
thoroughly shaved.

7

2.4.2 Anesthesia
Whether anesthesia is required during treatment should be determined according to the
treatment site and size, whether it is a sensitive area, and the patient's pain. Generally, only topical
anesthesia can be used.

2.5 Clinical considerations
1) Generally closely related to energy density, treatment outcome and inflammatory status after
skin damage. High energy density is more effective, but at the same time, the inflammatory
response is greater; the deep skin is also damaged. The energy is processed starting at low
energy and gradually increasing the energy density until better results are achieved.
2) The maximum energy allowed is inversely proportional to the skin pigment. Generally, the
skin is darker and has a lower energy density to reduce the absorption of more light energy
into heat by the epidermis. A good cooling system is very important to the treatment, to
protect the skin from burns to the greatest extent, and it is better for dark skin.
3) Shave excess hair before surgery, as excess hair absorbs energy and heats it on the epidermis,
which may cause partial skin burns and damage the probe.
4) A good cooling system will reduce the temperature of the skin. Cold probes help to increase
allowable energy density and partial anesthesia. Cooling is highly recommended throughout
the treatment, especially for darker skin. Dark skin absorbs energy more easily than light
skin.

2.6 Intense pulse light handle cleaning
When the treatment is complete, remove the handle, clean the top of the handle with a
relatively soft cotton cloth and keep it dry.
1) Cleaning process
After processing is complete, exit the operating program and turn off the power of the device.
Soak a soft cotton cloth in 75% alcohol and wipe the top of the handle clean until the alcohol
has evaporated again. Then wipe the surface marks with the soft cotton cloth.
2) Warning message
Intense pulsed light processing precision optical components, please avoid falling and make
them subject to blunt force impact or not allowed to open, otherwise the intense pulse light
module will not emit light normally; This is a large impact of the intense pulse light output.
The surface cleanliness of the optical crystal, therefore, before use Inspection and proper
cleaning. The handle transfer system should avoid serious damage caused by bending during
use.

2.7 Contraindications


Tanned skin (has been exposed to the sun or used tanning beds in the past three to four

8

weeks) or has recently used a self-tanning lotion


Diseases stimulated by light (Lupus, Epilepsy…)



Use of photosensitizing medications such as: tetracycline or herbal (St John’s Wort) etc.



Use of anticoagulants or has a history of bleeding coagulopathies.



Fragile and dry skin. Use of Accutane (isotrenoin) Roaccutane or Tretinoin – Retin A for
the treatment of acne in the previous 6-12 months.



Active infections: herpetic lesions, cold sores (place on anti-viral medication
pre-treatment)



Any inflammatory skin condition (e.g. eczema, etc.), in the area to be treated.



Pregnancy or trying to conceive.



Tattoos, permanent make-up, suspicious pigmented lesions (can treat around them)



History of keloidal scarring



For Hair Reduction - Electrolysis, waxing or plucking in last 6 weeks (target has been
removed)



Planning to be in the sun following treatment



Diabetes (unless under control)



Cancer, in particular, skin cancer



Hormonal Disorders (unless under control)

9

Chapter 3 Technical Parameters
3.1 Technical parameters
Model

FI-L06

Light source

Intense pulsed light

LCD screen

LCD touch screen 7 inches

Wavelength

650nm-1200nm

Spot size

3.2cm2 (8mm×40mm2)

Pulse length

0.1-25ms

Energy density

1-50J/cm2

Pulse-frequency

1-10Hz

Cooling

Air cooling+water cooling

Input voltage

110V 60Hz

size

89.6*57.7*94.3cm (package)
79*49*95cm (device)

weight

50kg (device)
65kg (package)

3.2 Conditions of use
3.2.1 Working conditions:
a) Ambient temperature range: 15℃~30℃;
b) Relative humidity range: ≤80%;
c) Atmospheric pressure range: 860hPa~1060hPa;
d) Power supply: AC 110V, 60Hz.

3.2.2 Transportation and storage environment
a) Do not place the product in a separate enclosure unless proper ventilation is provided;
b) No insulation;
c) Keep away from chemical substances and corrosive substances;
d) Dustproof;
e) Special protection controller (LCD screen), handle and crystal, fragile, no pressure.
3.2.3 Shelf Life
5 years
Note: The maximum IPL emission number (maximum IPL lens flash) of xenon lamp tube
before performance degradation is 100000 times.

3.3 Electromagnetic Interference

10

The Intense pulsed light therapy device complies with IEC 60601-1-2 "Electromagnetic
Compatibility requirements and tests". Part of IEC 60601-1-2 addresses the issue of unintended
RF emissions from products. Accidental emissions from products may interfere with the
performance of other nearby equipment. Emissions from Intense pulsed light therapy device have
been reduced to practical levels without affecting function. If interference from an intense pulsed
light therapy device is suspected, ensure that the intense pulsed light therapy device is plugged
into an AC power source not shared by the affected device. If the interference persists, move the
Intense pulsed light therapy device or affected equipment to another room.

11

Chapter 4 Working Principle
4.1 System principle
Intense pulsed light is a non-laser light source, which is incoherent light composed of single
or multiple pulse sequences, and has the characteristics of wide spectral range and high energy
density. The light source of the Intense pulsed light therapy device is a xenon lamp. Its basic
working principle is that the trigger applies a high voltage to the xenon gas to trigger the
ionization of the xenon gas. Internal xenon avalanche ionization, xenon converts and releases the
charged energy in the form of high-intensity light radiation, and this discharge process is a pulse.
The parameters required in the treatment process, such as energy density, etc., should be set
by the user according to the actual situation.

4.2 System
The Intense pulsed light therapy device consists of six modules, namely control system, user
interface, power supply, laser emission and delivery system, cooling system and safety features.
As shown in Figure 4.1.
Figure 4.1 Block Diagram of Intense pulsed light therapy device System

4.2.1 Control system
The control system consists of a microprocessor, a control circuit and a detection circuit. The
control module is highly automated. Users need to turn on the power switch, the key switch, and
release the emergency switch. After the system is turned on, the system will automatically perform
system self-checking, processing parameter calls and other actions. After system initialization,
self-checking, and parameter calling, press the foot switch and the control module will adjust it.
The pulse parameters of each release energy, and alarm when the system is abnormal.

4.2.2 User Interface
The display module is mainly composed of a touch screen and a liquid crystal display. The
touch screen consists of a touch detection component and a touch screen controller. The touch
detection component is installed on the front of the LCD to detect the user's touch position and

12

send it to the touch screen controller after receiving. The main function of the touch screen is to
receive touch information, convert it into the coordinates of the touch point, and then send it to the
CPU, where it can receive and execute commands from the CPU. And finally realize the
man-machine operation display.

4.2.3 Power
The power module is mainly composed of photon pulse power, DC 12V switching power
supply and energy storage capacity. The photon power consists of a charging part, a pre-burning
part of the xenon lamp and a discharging part. The DC 12V switching power supply converts input
AC to output DC, providing DC 12V power for fans and semiconductor cooling parts.

4.2.4 Intense pulsed light emission and delivery system
In the standby state, when the switch button on the handle is triggered, the xenon lamp will
emit a strong pulse of light through the light spot emission window on the handle.

4.2.5 Cooling system
The cooling system consists of a fan and a water circulation system. After the device is
turned on, the cooling system starts to work. The fans air-cool the electrical components of the
main unit and the insulated distributor, removing heat generated by the airflow within the machine.
The internal circulating water is replaced in time and takes away the heat generated by the
processing handle, and is sent to the water temperature cooling system.

4.2.6 Security Features
Intense pulsed light therapy device provides enough safety features to ensure the normal
operation of the system, such as key switch, emergency stop switch, internal safety interlock,
protective casing and alarm system to immediately shut down the system in an emergency, press
the red mushroom Shaped emergency stop switch to terminate IPL energy discharge. The red
switch is used to turn off the power in an emergency. Press it and the power can now be turned off.
After turning clockwise, the machine will continue to work. Or the machine keeps shutting down.
The Intense pulsed light therapy device contains a "normally closed" safety shutter that
prevents IPL emission when in the closed position. The shutter will only open when the system is
in ready mode and the foot switch is pressed.
The alarm system consists of buzzer alarm and symbol alarm. Detailed warnings and faults
are described below.
Water flow alarm: there is no water or no water circulation inside, the indicator light
is displayed, and the alarm sound follows. In response, the machine will immediately stop all
work.
Water temperature alarm: when the temperature is higher than the system setting:
55 ℃, the indicator light shows this, and an alarm sound is issued at the same time. In response,
the machine will immediately stop all work.

13

Chapter 5 Installation and Commissioning
Installation and commissioning of device must be done by qualified professionals and
technicians trained by the manufacturer.

5.1 Model FI-L06
5.1.1 Accessories
Treatment handle
Screen

Handle interface

Key switch
Emergency
switch

stop

Movable castor

14

5.1.2 Accessories of the device

5.1.3 Water inlet procedure
Open the rear of the device as shown below

15

5.1.4 Connect the pedals as shown below.

5.1.5 After the above operations are completed, please connect offline.
Method: The water contact CPC on the treatment handle plug points to the water CPC socket.
The method is the same as connecting the power system. When you hear the sound "pa" twice, it
means the connection is successful. As follows.

16

5.1.6 After inserting the therapy handle, turn on the power, then turn the power
emergency switch and the key switch to ensure the machine is powered on.
5.1.7 Change the water every 2 or 3 months, here's how to drain it.

5.1.8 Handle connection

Insert the handle socket until a "click" sound means a good handle connection.

17

Chapter 6 Instructions for Use
6.1 General Instructions
The Intense pulsed light therapy device is an intense pulsed light system that provides intense
pulsed light in the wavelength range of 650nm-1200nm. Intense pulsed light (IPL) therapy device
employ the principle of selective thermal decomposition. That is, thermal damage to the target
chromophore is achieved by using light of an appropriate wavelength in a pulse that exceeds the
thermal relaxation time of the chromophore, but by limiting the pulse width below the thermal
relaxation time of the skin. Thermal damage to the target chromophore is caused by using light of
an appropriate wavelength, but preserving normal skin by limiting the pulse width to a pulse width
below the skin's thermal relaxation time.
Intense pulsed light differ from lasers in that they provide multiple wavelengths in each light
pulse, rather than just one. In general, IPL enhances penetration without using excessive energy
levels and is able to target specific chromophores. Based on this, the Intense pulsed light therapy
device is indicated for use in surgical and aesthetic applications in permanent hair removal.

WARNING ： HAZARDOUS EXPOSURE IF THE CONTROLS AND REGULATIONS ARE NOT
USED OR PERFORMED IN THE SPECIFIC METHODS OF THE LASER SYSTEM BEFORE USE
OR OPERATION.

6.2 Start the program
Once filled with water, proceed as follows：
1) Check that the handle adapter is plugged into the treatment head of the device. (Note： The
handle must be connected to the specified position above, otherwise the device will operate
incorrectly.)
2) Check that the foot switch is also connected to the field marked "foot switch".
3) After the above steps 1 and 2 are completed, insert the three-core power plug into an
AC110V socket that can withstand the corresponding current.
4) Turn on the rocker switch on the back of the chassis, rotate the key clockwise from "off" 90
degrees to "on", then turn the emergency stop switch to the right to enter the release state, at
this time the hair removal instrument is turned on, and the touch screen displays the startup
image.
5) After waiting for a few minutes, the Intense pulsed light therapy device will automatically
complete the preheating and enter the standby mode screen. (If there is a problem with the

18

cooling system, the temperature cannot be controlled to increase to the specified temperature,
it is regarded as a device failure, the device cannot enter standby mode, and always remains
in the initial startup image).

6.3 System Control
6.3.1 Initial interface and main interface

Figure 1 Startup interface, enter Figure 2 after 2 seconds

Figure 2 Enter the language options: select English and enter Figure 3

19

Figure 3 Enter the automatic protection detection of the instrument,
enter Figure 4 after 10 seconds
Enter the function options, select the treatment item and enter Figure 4

Figure 4 Work interface, parameter adjustment settings

20

1）

Click the energy button

choose

increase energy,

2）

Click the energy button

choose

flip up mode,

3）
4）Click
5）

click

Increase cooling intensity, click

reduce energy
flip down mode

Reduce cooling intensity

button to enter the working state, click again to enter the standby state
The temporary counter shown here is used to count the number of glows, and

will be zero when returning to the main interface where the device is turned off
6）

Water temperature detection

7）

The total number of luminous counts is used here to permanently save

the total usage times.

6.3.2 Parameter adjustment settings
The appropriate therapeutic parameters were selected according to the required treatment
mode and patient status.

21

Chapter 7 Maintenance
7.1 System maintenance
System repairs should be performed by a Zheone certified service engineer. For training and
information, please contact your local Zheone representative.

7.2 Cleaning and Disinfection
7.2.1 Cleaning external surfaces
The outside of the IPL can be cleaned with a soft cloth moist with mild soapy water solution,
do not use harsh detergent. To disinfect the exterior of the laser system, wipe it with a soft cloth
stained with 75% medical alcohol. Cleaning frequency should be once a week, in frequent use can
be appropriate to increase the cleaning frequency.
Warn
Do not attempt to access any internal components. Electrical shock and/or
accidental laser exposure may result.
Do not spray or pour 75% medical alcohol directly on the system console.

7.2.2 Cleaning the system touch screen display clean the system touch screen display
with a damp soft cloth
Warn
Do not spray or pour 75% medical alcohol directly onto the system console
or control screen, or you may damage the console, touch screen, and system
electronics.

7.2.3 Cleaning the handle
7.2.3.1 Cleaning the protective windows
The protective window is an optical device. Essentially, with use, it breaks down, and once
broken, the protective window must be replaced. However, inspection and cleaning after each
procedure will extend its life.
Warn
Hair from the patient may collect on the windows. During treatment, windows may
need to be washed regularly. This window must be cleaned using the techniques
described below.

22

Cautious
If the window is not properly maintained, debris can build up on the surface of the
window, causing permanent damage to the window and ultimately to the phone
optics.
Warn
Before checking the window, the system must be shut down. Always wear the correct
glasses when the system is on. Serious eye injury can occur in the event of an
accidental laser emission.
Notice
Stick and cotton applicator are needed, but do not use products that contain
adhesives.
λ Make sure the system is turned off.
λ If necessary, place a small amount of 75% medical alcohol on a cotton swab; Shake excess
alcohol off the cotton swab before cleaning the protective window.
λ Gently wipe the surface of the window.
λ Check the window. If necessary, clean the window again with a new cotton-tipped applicator.
Notice
Windows must be kept clean before treating patients. Chips, pits, cracks, or burns in
Windows are not acceptable. Windows with these abnormalities must be replaced. If
the exception on the window cannot be resolved, you must replace the window.
7.2.3.2 Tips for cleaning your phone
Sterilize patients who use 75% medical alcohol. Windows should be cleaned as described in
"Cleaning Protective Windows".
Warn
Before disinfecting the handle tips, make sure the system is turned off or in standby
mode. Always wear appropriate protective glasses when the system is turned on. If
accidental laser emission occurs, it can cause serious damage to the eyes.

7.2.4 Handling of handle components
For infection control reasons, disinfecting the handle and then disposed of according to local
agency policies and procedures.

23

7.3 Calibration procedure
If self-calibration fails, Zheone authorized personnel should perform the following
calibration. Questions regarding this procedure should be directed to your local Zheone
representative.
Disclaimer Warning
Calibration is a service procedure and can only be performed by a Zheone-certified
service engineer or a customer who has attended and passed a Zheone-certified service
training course. Adjustments by anyone other than a trained Zheone service engineer or
certified customer will void any existing manufacturer's warranty on the instrument.
A service manual for this system can be purchased from the Zheone Microservice
Department, however, possession of service instructions or service tools does not
authorize the repair or modification of the Zheone Microsystem by non-certified
personnel.

7.3.1 Equipment
λ Laser safety glasses for everyone in the room (produces the appropriate optimum density at
the wavelength).
λ Lambda laser energy meter, the meter used must have received a NIST traceable calibration or
a calibration to an applicable standard (international) within the past 12 months (in the U.S.).

7.3.2 Calibration Instructions
λ Places the laser energy meter in a convenient location so that the sensor head can be easily
accessed with a mobile phone. Set the meter display unit to power mode.
λ Remove the handle tip and place the handle laser hole in front of the energy meter sensor
head.
λ Provides power for the system.
λ Select the low flux range, small spot size, and set the repetition rate to 1 Hz.
λ Puts the system in ready mode.
λ Press the foot switch and fire a shot in the energy meter.
λ Record the corresponding reading on the energy meter.
λ Repeat steps 4 to 7 for the handle selectable intermediate and higher flux settings, and set the
repetition rate to 4 Hz.
λ Zheone authorized personnel will compare the recorded data to a standard energy meter and
then take further steps to complete the calibration.
Notice

24

The distance from the energy meter sensor to the laser aperture should not
exceed 10mm and should remain constant. The window surface must be parallel to
the meter sensor surface.

Cautious
Work by any unauthorized person will void all warranties.

7.4 Check or replace the protection tube of the power supply
Turn off all power switches, unplug the power cord, open the fuse protector with a small
screwdriver, and turn it counterclockwise. Then remove the fuse protector; replace the fuse
protector only with the standard model specified by the device supplier. (Model of fuse protector:
10A/250VAC) Put in the fuse protector and jacket, and tighten the jacket clockwise. Plug the back
of the device into the power cord, turn on the power switch and key switch, and test if the machine
works properly.

7.5 Maintenance of cooling system
Please check regularly whether the cooling fan is working properly. If the cooling fan or
cooling module does not work, the device cannot exchange heat with the outside, and the heat will
accumulate inside the machine, which will cause the laser to not work properly or even damage
the machine.
When the maintenance personnel test the machine, they should check the water storage
capacity, water quality and cooling capacity of the water tank. If there is any abnormality, please
add or change the water in time.

25

7.6 EMC
Table 1: Guidance and manufacturer´s declaration – electromagnetic emission – for all
EQUIPMENT AND SYSTEMS
Guidance and manufacturer's declaration - electromagneticemissions
The Intense pulsed light therapy device is intended for use in the electromagnetic environment
specified below. The customer or user of the equipment should ensure that it is used in such an
environment.
Emissions Test

Compliance

Electromagnetic Environment Guidance
The Intense pulsed light therapy device
uses RF energy only for its internal

RF emissions

Group 1

CISPR 11

function. Therefore its RF emissions are
very low and are not likely to cause any
interference

in

nearby

electronic

equipment
RF emissions

Class A

CISPR 11
Harmonic emissions

Not applicable

IEC 61000-3-2
Voltage

fluctuations

flicker emissions
IEC 61000-3-3

The Intense pulsed light therapy device is
suitable for use in all establishments, other
than domestic establishments and those
directly

connected

to

the

public

low-voltage power supply network that

/
Not applicable

supplies buildings used for domestic
purposes

26

Table 2: Guidance and manufacturer's declaration – electromagnetic immunity – for all
EQUIPMENT and SYSTEMS
Guidance and manufacturer's declaration - electromagnetic immunity
The Intense pulsed light therapy device is intended for use in the electromagnetic
environment specified below. The user of the equipment should make sure that it is used
in such an environment.
IEC 60601 Test Compliance
Immunity
Electromagnetic
Level
Test
Level
Environment - Guidance
Electrostatic
discharge (ESD)
IEC 61000-4-2

Electrostatic
transient / burst
IEC 61000-4-4

Surge
IEC 61000-4-5

Voltage
dips,
short
interruptions
and
voltage
variations on
power supply
input lines
IEC 61000-4-11

± 8 kV contact

± 8 kV contact

±2 kV, ±4 kV, ±8
kV, ±15 kV air

±2 kV, ±4 kV, ±8
kV, ±15 kV air

±2 kV for
power supply lines
100 kHz repetition
frequency
±1 kV for
input / output
lines
±0.5kV,
±1kV
differential mode
line-line
±0.5kV,
±1kV,
±2kV differential
mode line-ground
0 % UT
(100 % dip in UT )
for 0.5 cycle at 0°,
45°,
90°,
135°,
180°, 225°, 270°,
and 315°
0 % UT
(100 % dip in UT )
for 1 cycle at 0°
70 % UT
(30 % dip in UT )
for 25/30 cyclesat
0°
0 % UT
(100 % dip in UT )
for 250/300 cycle
at 0°

±2 kV for
power
supply
lines
100 kHz repetition
frequency
±0.5kV,
±1kV
differential mode
line-line
±0.5kV,
±1kV,
±2kV differential
mode line-ground
0 % UT
(100 % dip in UT )
for 0.5 cycle at 0°,
45°,
90°,
135°,
180°, 225°, 270°,
and 315°
0 % UT
(100 % dip in UT )
for 1 cycle at 0°
70 % UT
(30 % dip in UT )
for 25/30 cyclesat
0°
0 % UT
(100 % dip in UT )
for 250/300 cycle
at 0°

Floor
should
be
wood,
concrete or ceramic tile. If
floors are covered
with
synthetic material, the relative
humidity should be at least
30%

Mains power quality should be
that of a typical commercial or
hospital environment

Mains power quality should be
that of a typical commercial or
hospital environment

Mains power quality should be
that of a typical commercial or
hospital environment. If the
user of the equipment requires
continued operation during
power mains interruptions, it is
recommended
that
the
equipment be powered from
an uninterruptible
power
supply or a battery

Power frequency magnetic
fields should be at levels
characteristic of a typical
30 A/m, 50/60Hz
30 A/m, 50/60Hz
location
in
a
typical
commercial
or
hospital
environment
Note: UT is the a.c. mains voltage prior to application of the test level.
Power
frequency (50 /
60
Hz)
magnetic field
IEC 61000-4-8

27

Table 3: Guidance and MANUFACTURER’S declaration – electromagnetic IMMUNITY
Guidance and manufacturer's declaration - electromagnetic immunity
The Intense pulsed light therapy device is intended for use in the electromagnetic
environment specified below. The customer or the user of the Intense pulsed light therapy
device should assure that it is used in such an environment.
IEC 60601 Compliance
Electromagnetic
Environment
Immunity Test
Test Level
Level
Guidance
Portable and mobile RF communications
equipment should be used no closer to
any part of the Intense pulsed light
therapy device, including cables, than the
3Vrms
3Vrms
Conducted RF
recommended
separation
distance
150kHz to
150kHz to
IEC 61000-4-6
calculated from the equation applicable to
80MHz
80MHz
6 Vrms
6 Vrms
the frequency of the transmitter.
150 kHz to
150 kHz to
Recommended separation distance
80 MHz
80 MHz
outside ISM
outside ISM
3.5
d  
P
V1 
bandsa
bandsa


Radiated RF
IEC 61000-4-3

3V/m
80MHz to
2.7GHz

3V/m

3.5
d  
P
E1 
80MHz to 800MHz
d 

7 
E 
1 

P

800MHz to 2.7GHz

Where P is the maximum output power
rating of the transmitter in watts (W)
according
to
the
transmitter
manufacturer and d is the recommended
separation distance in meters (m).
Field strengths from fixed RF transmitter,
as determined by an electromagnetic site
survey, a should be less than the
compliance level in each frequency range.
b

Interference may occur in the vicinity of
equipment marked with the following
symbol:

Note 1: At 80 MHz and 800 MHz, the higher frequency range applies.
Note 2: These guidelines may not apply in all situations. Electromagnetic propagation is
affected by absorption and reflection from structures, objects and people.

28

a The ISM (industrial, scientific and medical) bands between 0.15 MHz and 80 MHz are
6.765 MHz to 6.795 MHz; 13.553 MHz to 13.567 MHz; 26.957 MHz to 27.283 MHz; and
40.66 MHz to 40.70 MHz. The amateur radio bands between 0.15 MHz and 80 MHz are 1.8
MHz to 2.0 MHz, 3.5 MHz to 4.0 MHz, 5.3 MHz to 5.4 MHz, 7 MHz to 7.3 MHz, 10.1
MHz to 10.15

MHz, 14 MHz to 14.2 MHz, 18.07 MHz to 18.17 MHz, 21.0 MHz to 21.4

MHz, 24.89 MHz to

24.99 MHz, 28.0 MHz to 29.7 MHz and 50.0 MHz to 54.0 MHz.

b The compliance levels in the ISM frequency bands between 150 kHz and 80 MHz and in
the frequency range 80 MHz to 2.7 GHz are intended to decrease the likelihood that
mobile/portable communications equipment could cause interference if it is inadvertently
brought into patient areas. For this reason, an additional factor of 10/3 has been incorporated
into the formulae used in calculating the recommended separation distance for transmitters
in these frequency ranges.
c Field strengths from fixed transmitters, such as base stations for radio (cellular/cordless)
telephones and land mobile radios, amateur radio, AM and FM radio broadcast and TV
broadcast cannot be predicted theoretically with accuracy. To assess the electromagnetic
environment due to fixed RF transmitters, an electromagnetic site survey should be
considered. If the measured field strength in the location in which the IPL is used exceeds the
applicable RF compliance level above, the IPL should be observed to verify normal
operation. If abnormal performance is observed, additional measures may be necessary, such
as re-orienting or relocating the Intense pulsed light therapy device.
d Over the frequency range 150 kHz to 80 MHz, field strengths should be less than 3 V/m.

29

Table 4: Recommended separation distances between portable and mobile RF
communications equipment and the EQUIPMENT or SYSTEM
Recommended
mobile

separation

distances

between

portable

and

RF communications equipment and the Intense pulsed light therapy

device
System
The
Intense
pulsed light therapy device is intended for use in an electromagnetic environment
in which radiated RF disturbances are controlled. The customer or the user of the IPL can
help prevent electromagnetic interference by maintaining a minimum distance between
portable and mobile RF communications equipment (transmitters) and the Intense pulsed light
therapy device as recommended below, according to the maximum output power of the
communications equipment.
Rated

150 kHz ～ 80 MHz

80 MHz ～ 800 MHz

3.5
d 
 P
 V1 

3.5 
d 
P

E 1 

0.01

0.12

0.12

0.23

0.1

0.38

0.38

0.73

1

1.2

1.2

2.3

10

3.8

3.8

7.3

100

12

12

23

maximum
output of
transmitter

800 MHz ～ 2.5 GHz
d

7


 E 1

P

W

For

transmitters

rated

at

a

maximum

output

power

not

listed

above,

the

recommended separation distance d in meters (m) can be estimated using the equation

applicable to the frequency of the transmitter, where P is the maximum output power rating of
the transmitter in watts (W) according to the transmitter manufacturer.
Note 1: At 80 MHz and 800 MHz, the separation distance for the higher frequency range
applied.
Note 2: These guidelines may not apply in all situations. Electromagnetic
propagation is affected by absorption and reflection from structures, objects and people.

30

Table 5: Recommended Specifications for Enclosure Port Immunity to RF Wireless
Communications Equipment
Recommended separation distances between RF wireless communications
equipment
The device is intended for use in an electromagnetic environment in which radiated RF
disturbances are controlled. The customer or the user of the device can help prevent
electromagnetic interference by maintaining a minimum distance between RF wireless
communications equipment and the device as recommended below, according to the maximum
output power of the communications equipment.
Maximum
IEC
Electromagnetic
Frequency
Compliance
Distance
Power
60601
Environment MHz
Level
Guidance
W
Test Level
385
1.8
0.3
27
27
RF wireless
communications
450
2
0.3
28
28
equipment should be
710
used no closer to any
745
0.2
0.3
9
9
part of the device,
780
including cables, than
810
the
recommended
870
2
0.3
28
28
separation distance
930
calculated
from the
1720
equation applicable to
1845
2
0.3
28
28
the frequency of the
1970
transmitter.
2450
2
0.3
28
28
Recommended
5240
separation distance
5500

5785

0.2

0.3

9

9

Where P is the maximum
output power rating of
the
ransmitter
in
watts
(W) according to the
transmitter
manufacturer and d is
the
recommended
separation distance in
meters
(m).Field
strengths from fixed RF
transmitter,
as
determinedby
an
electromagnetic
site
survey, should be less
than the compliance
level in each frequency
range. Interference may
occur in the vicinity of
equipment marked with
the following symbol:

Note: These guidelines may not apply in all situations. Electromagnetic propagation is affected
by absorption and reflection from structures, objects and people.

31

Chapter 8 Contact Us
Hebei Zhemai Technology Co., Ltd.
Tel: 0086-10-18678802036
After-sales service department
Email: feijiakeji@zoho.com.cn

Home: http://www.ftelaser.cn/

Address: 1st Floor, North of No.1 Warehouse, West of Shuichang Road, North of Beiyi
Road, Yanjiao Development Zone, Sanhe, Langfang, Hebei, China, 065201

32

Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission

510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary
This 510(k) Summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.
The assigned 510(k) Number:

K232708

1.

Date of Preparation: 11/09/2023

2.

Sponsor
Hebei Zhemai Technology Co.,Ltd
1st Floor, North of No.1 Warehouse, West of Shuichang Road, North of Beiyi Road, Yanjiao
Development Zone, Sanhe, Langfang, Hebei, China, 065201
Contact Person: Yuting Qu
Position: Sales Manager
Tel: +86-18678802036
Email: feijiakeji@zoho.com.cn

3.

Submission Correspondent
Contact Person: Ray Wang
Tel: +86-18910677558
Fax: +86-10-56335780
Email: information@believe-med.com

4.

Proposed Device Identification
Trade Name: Intense pulsed light therapy device
Common Name: Powered Light Based Non-Laser Surgical Instrument With Thermal Effect
Model(s): FI-L06
Regulatory Information:
Classification Name: Powered Light Based Non-Laser Surgical Instrument With Thermal Effect
Classification: II
Product Code: ONF
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 878.4810
Regulation Name: Laser surgical instrument for use in general and plastic surgery and in
dermatology
Review Panel: General & Plastic Surgery
Indication For Use Statement:
6-1

Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission

510(k) Summary

The Intense pulsed light therapy device is indicated for use in surgical and aesthetic applications
in permanent hair removal.
Permanent hair reduction is defined as the long-term, stable reduction in the number of hairs
regrowing when measured at 6, 9, and 12 months after the completion of a treatment regimen.

5.

Device Description

The Intense pulsed light therapy device is an intense pulsed light system which delivers intense
pulsed light at a wavelength ranging from 650-1200nm. Intense Pulsed Light (IPL) systems work
on the principles of selective thermolysis. That is, causing thermal damage to target chromophores
by using light of appropriate wavelength in pulses that exceeds the chromophores’ thermal
relaxation time but sparing normal skin by limiting the pulse width below the thermal relaxation
time for skin.
IPL Systems are different from lasers in that they deliver many wavelengths in each pulse of light
instead of just one wavelength. Generally, IPL enhances penetration without using excessive
energy levels and enables targeting of specific chromophores.
Based on this, the Intense pulsed light therapy device is indicated for use in surgical and aesthetic
applications in permanent hair removal.

6.

Predicate Device Identification
Predicate Device:
510(k) Number: K192519
Product Name: Multi-modality workstation
Model: AAD Dual Light
Manufacturer: Beijing Superlaser Technology Co., Ltd.

7.

Non-Clinical Test Conclusion
Non clinical tests were conducted to verify that the proposed device met all design specifications
as was Substantially Equivalent (SE) to the predicate device. The test results demonstrated that
the proposed device complies with the following standards:


IEC 60601-1-2:2020 Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-2: General requirements for basic
safety and essential performance - Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances Requirements and tests



AAMI/ANSI ES 60601-1: 2012 Medical electrical equipment - Part 1: General requirements
for basic safety and essential performance



IEC 60601-2-57: 2011 Medical Electrical Equipment - Part 2-57: Particular requirements for
6-2

Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission

510(k) Summary

the basic safety and essential performance of non-laser light source equipment intended for
therapeutic, diagnostic, monitoring and cosmetic/aesthetic use


ISO 10993-5: 2009 Biological evaluation of medical device - Part 5: Tests for in vitro
cytotoxicity



ISO 10993-10: 2010 Biological evaluation of medical devices - Part 10: irritation and skin
sensitization



8.

ISO 14971: 2019 Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices

Clinical Test Conclusion
No clinical study is included in this submission.

9.

Substantially Equivalent (SE) Comparison
Table 6-1 General Comparison
ITEM

Proposed Device

Predicate Device (K192519)

Remark

Product Code

ONF

ONF

SAME

Regulation No.

21 CFR 878.4810

21 CFR 878.4810

SAME

Class

II

II

SAME

The Intense pulsed light therapy

The Multi-modality workstation (inclusive

device is indicated for use in

of the handpiece used to deliver pulsed-light

surgical and aesthetic applications

energy) is indicated for use in surgical and

in permanent hair removal.

aesthetic applications in permanent hair

Permanent
Indication for Use

hair

reduction

is

removal, reduction of benign pigmented

defined as the long-term, stable

lesions and benign vascular lesions.

reduction in the number of hairs

Permanent hair reduction is defined as the

regrowing when measured at 6, 9,

long-term, stable reduction in the number of

and

the

hairs regrowing when measured at 6, 9, and

treatment

12 months after the completion of a

12

completion

months
of

after
a

regimen.

SAME

treatment regimen.

Table 6-2 Performance Comparison
ITEM
Light source

Proposed Device
Intense pulsed light
(Xenon Lamp)

Predicate Device (K192519)

Remark

Intense pulsed light

Different 1

520-650nm
Wavelength

650-1200nm

800-1200nm
540-800nm

SAME

640-1200nm
Deliver system

Sapphire

Sapphire

SAME

Energy density

1-50J/cm2

1-50 J/cm2

SAME

6-3

Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission

510(k) Summary

Pulse Width

0.1-25ms

1-25ms

SAME

Max. Power

1500W

3500VA

Different 2

Small: 40×12 mm
Spot size

8×40mm

Large: 46×16mm

Different 3

Ex-Large: 60×20mm

Table 6-3 Hair removal Comparison
ITEM

Proposed Device

Predicate Device (K192519)

Remark

Wavelength Range (nm)

650—1200

640—1200

SAME

Energy Range (J/cm )

1-50

5-40

Different 4

Pulse Width (ms)

0.1-25

1-25

SAME

2

Small: 40×12 mm
Spot Size (mm)

8×40

Large: 46×16mm

Different 3

Ex-Large: 60×20mm

Analysis 1:
Xenon lamp is a light source output of Intense pulsed light, and the system controls the energy
emitted by the xenon lamp. Intense pulsed light is emitted by the xenon lamp. As far as we know,
the predicate device also uses xenon lamps to generate Intense pulsed light, so in terms of light
source type, we are the same as the predicate device, and there is no difference between the two.

Analysis 2:
The proposed device is different in Max. Power from the predicate device. By complying with
AAMI/ANSI/ES 60601-1 and IEC 60601-1-2, the results shown that the Max. Power of the
proposed device will not raise any issues in safety and effectiveness. Therefore, this difference
will not affect safety and effectiveness of the proposed device.

Analysis 3:
The proposed device is different in Spot Size from the predicate device, Spot size only affects the
area of treatment, not affect the therapeutic effect. Therefore, this difference will not affect the
safety and effectiveness.
Analysis 4:
The proposed device only has slight difference in Energy Range with the predicate device. The
Energy Range of the proposed device is within the allowable error range of the predicate device,
which can justify that the difference in the parameter of Energy Range will not raise new safety
issues of the proposed device. And the bench tests conducted on the proposed device is same with
the predicate device, the results of which could support the substantially equivalency with
predicate device. So the slight difference is considered to have no effect on effectiveness and
safety.
6-4

Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission

510(k) Summary

10. Substantially Equivalent (SE) Conclusion
The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical tests demonstrate that the device is as safe, as
effective, and performs as well as or better than the legally marketed device (K192519).

6-5

